Refact CLI related docs (#433)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/security/encrypting-plain-text.md

### Dynamic secrets

> Dynamic secrets are specified in configurations as environment variables, system properties, Docker secrets, or Kubernetes secrets. The actual secrets is then encrypted using the WSO2 MI CLI, **mi** and injected to the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic secrets are specified in configurations as environment variables, system properties, Docker secrets, or Kubernetes secrets. The actual secrets is then encrypted using the WSO2 Micro Integrator CLI, **micli** and injected to the environment.
```
